Add what, why, who, and how info to Kubernetes GPU (#12)
giantswarm/kubernetes-gpu: README.md

# Kubernetes GPU as an app in the Giant Swarm Playground Catalog

**What is it?**

> It is a recipe to install the GPU drivers into our nodes to let customers run GPU workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is a recipe to install the CUDA (GPU) drivers onto worker nodes with GPUs to let customers run GPU workloads.
```

be clear that it only targets GPU enabled nodes

**Why did we add it?**

> So far, customers have needed to run it by themselves. We've had to sync all time every time there is a change. Now we can provide a new release when a new driver version is out (and tested) and they can easily install it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users that want to run GPU workloads, e.g. for AI and similar use cases need to have special drivers (CUDA) installed on the GPU machines. This app makes sure those drivers are present and installed in the right version.
```

I think the above is kinda generic to all apps we provide, also wanted to make this less about customers but more about users (as this app is public and everyone could use it)

**Who can use it?**

> Our customers on AWS that need to run GPU apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users on AWS that have GPU machines in their cluster and want to run GPU/CUDA workloads on them.
```

**How to use it?**

> Install the app via App Platform by selecting the version of the driver desired (CUDA version of your apps).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the app via the App Platform by selecting the desired version of the driver (CUDA version of your workloads).
```
